docs: add prom `per_consumer` option and update example (#3348)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/prometheus/index.md

  dbless_compatible: yes
  dbless_explanation: |
    The database will always be reported as reachable in Prometheus with DB-less.
  config:
    - name: per_consumer
      required: false
      datatype: boolean
      default: '`false`'
      description: |
        A boolean value that determines if per-consumer metrics should be
        collected.

>         If enabled, a `kong_http_consumer_status` metric will be added to
>         exported metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If enabled, a `kong_http_consumer_status` metric is added to
        exported metrics.
```

### Available metrics

- **Status codes**: HTTP status codes returned by Upstream services.

>   These are available per service, across all services and per route per consumer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These are available per service, across all services, and per route per consumer.
```

Connection: keep-alive
Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *

# HELP kong_bandwidth Total bandwidth in bytes consumed per service/route in Kong
# TYPE kong_bandwidth counter
kong_bandwidth{type="egress",service="google",route="google.route-1"} 1277
kong_bandwidth{type="ingress",service="google",route="google.route-1"} 254
# HELP kong_datastore_reachable Datastore reachable from Kong, 0 is unreachable
# TYPE kong_datastore_reachable gauge
kong_datastore_reachable 1
# HELP kong_http_consumer_status HTTP status codes for customer per service/route in Kong
# TYPE kong_http_consumer_status counter

> kong_http_consumer_status{service="s1",route="s1.route-1",code="200",consumer="<consumer_username>"} 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kong_http_consumer_status{service="s1",route="s1.route-1",code="200",consumer="<CONSUMER_USERNAME>"} 3
```
